---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "discue_api_key Resource - discue"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API keys are necessary for creating, updating and deleting other resources such as queues, listeners, and messages in a machine-to-machine context. Each API key can have specific scopes defined to limit access and enhance security, ensuring that only authorized operations can be performed.
---

# discue_api_key (Resource)

API keys are necessary for creating, updating and deleting other resources such as queues, listeners, and messages in a machine-to-machine context. Each API key can have specific scopes defined to limit access and enhance security, ensuring that only authorized operations can be performed.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "discue_api_key" "test_status" {
  alias  = "my-first-api-key"
  status = "enabled"
  scopes = [{
    resource = "messages"
    access   = "write"
    targets  = ["*"]
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alias` (String) The name/alias of the resource. This should be unique.

### Optional

- `scopes` (Attributes List) Scopes describe which resources can be access and what kind of access (read/write) was granted. If `targets` array is empty, access to all resources of the defined domain will be granted. Otherwise - if targets is a list of resource IDs - only access to resources with the given ids will be allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scopes))
- `status` (String) The status of the api key. Default is"enabled".

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique id of the resource.
- `key` (String, Sensitive) The string representation of the API key. Only once after creation will the API return the whole API key. Afterward only a prefix of a few characters gets returned. Marked as sensitive to prevent leakage. See also: [api-overview#authentication](https://docs.discue.io/api-overview/#authentication)

<a id="nestedatt--scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scopes`

Optional:

- `access` (String) The access level that will be granted to the resource. Defaults to `write`.
- `resource` (String) The type of resources this API key will be allowed to access.
- `targets` (List of String) The target resources this API key will be allowed to access. Either a list of resource IDs or a wildcard. Defaults to `["*"].`
