---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "discue_domain Resource - discue"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A domain resource is a prerequisite for receiving messages. This is a security measure to prevent messages being sent through discue.io https://www.discue.io without knowledge of the recipient. The domain configuration includes a hostname and port. Both values cannot be changed after creation. The API will return instructions on how to validate the domain as a response to the creation request.
---

# discue_domain (Resource)

A domain resource is a prerequisite for receiving messages. This is a security measure to prevent messages being sent through [discue.io](https://www.discue.io) without knowledge of the recipient. The domain configuration includes a hostname and port. Both values cannot be changed after creation. The API will return instructions on how to validate the domain as a response to the creation request.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "discue_domain" "test_domain" {
  alias    = "my-first-domain"
  hostname = "discue.io"
  port     = 443
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alias` (String) The name/alias of the resource. This should be unique.
- `hostname` (String) The target hostname that will receive messages from listeners and channels. Only provide the DNS hostname portion here. The protocol will be added by the API automatically.
- `port` (Number) The target port the messages will be sent to.

### Read-Only

- `challenge` (Attributes) A Domain challenge enables a domain to receive messages. This is a security measure to prevent other domains receiving unwanted messages. The API will send a HTTP Get request to https://{hostname}:{port}/{context_path}/{file_name} and will expect the respones to strictly equal {file_content}. If the content matches, the domain will me marked as verified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--challenge))
- `id` (String) The unique id of the resource.
- `verification` (Attributes) Describes the status of the domain validation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--verification))

<a id="nestedatt--challenge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `challenge`

Read-Only:

- `https` (Attributes) The HTTP challenge is currently the only way to verify a domain. This object contains all the relevant information for the client to pass the HTTP challenge. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--challenge--https))

<a id="nestedatt--challenge--https"></a>
### Nested Schema for `challenge.https`

Read-Only:

- `context_path` (String) The context path we will use to proceed with the domain challenge.
- `created_at` (Number) A timestamp representing the date time the domain challenge was created.
- `expires_at` (Number) A timestamp representing the date time the domain challenge will expire.
- `file_content` (String) The file content we expect for the http to succeed.
- `file_name` (String) The file name we will request for the http challenge.



<a id="nestedatt--verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `verification`

Read-Only:

- `verified` (Boolean) True if the domain was successfully verified
- `verified_at` (Number) Date time in MS showing since when the domain has been verified
